### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system that uses and extends the SQL language combined with many features that safely store and scale the most complicated data workloads

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL supports Python, PHP, Perl, Tcl, Net, C, C++, Delphi, Java, JavaScript (Node. js), and more. SQL Server is more limited, offering support for Java, JavaScript (Node. js), C#, C++, PHP, Python, and Ruby.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
In order to connect to a database you need to know the name of your target database, the host name and port number of the server, and what user name you want to connect as. psql can be told about those parameters via command line options, namely -d, -h, -p, and -U respectively.

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
A HAVING clause is like a WHERE clause, but applies only to groups as a whole (that is, to the rows in the result set representing groups), whereas the WHERE clause applies to individual rows.Mar 3, 2023


- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
The biggest difference between an INNER JOIN and an OUTER JOIN is that the inner join will keep only the information from both tables that's related to each other (in the resulting table). An Outer Join, on the other hand, will also keep information that is not related to the other table in the resulting table.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
There are three types of Outer Join: LEFT JOIN, RIGHT JOIN, and FULL JOIN. The differences between them involve which unrelated data they keep – it can be from the first table, from the second, or from both of them. The cells without data to fill will have a value of NULL.
LEFT JOIN is the mostly universally implemented in all versions of SQL. But this is not the case for RIGHT JOIN and FULL JOIN, which are not implemented in various SQL versions.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
ORM stands for Obdject Relational Mapping. ORM is a technique used in creating a "bridge" between object-oriented programs and, in most cases, relational databases. Put another way, you can see the ORM as the layer that connects object oriented programming (OOP) to relational databases

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
AJAX is used to make asynchronous requests from the client-side, while requests is used to make synchronous requests from the server-side. They have different use cases and capabilities, and choosing between them depends on the requirements of the project.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery.The purpose of the CSRF token is to ensure that the request is coming from a legitimate user and not from an attacker. By including a random and unpredictable value in each request, the server can verify that the request was generated by the application itself and not by an attacker who is trying to forge the request.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?The purpose of this method is to include the CSRF token in the HTML form so that it can be submitted along with the form data and validated by the server to prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
